A linguagem de seu coração é que irá determinar a maneira correta de descobrir e manejar a sua espada (Paulo Coelho)
Escuta o teu coração, ele conhece todas as coisas; pois onde ele estiver, é onde está o teu tesouro (Paulo Coelho)
O mundo está nas mãos daqueles que têm a coragem de sonhar e correr o risco de viver seus sonhos (Paulo Coelho)
Se um homem pudesse ter metade dos seus desejos realizados, teria mais aflições do que prazeres (Ben Franklin)
As decepções, as derrotas, o desânimo são ferramentas que Deus utiliza para mostrar a estrada (Paulo Coelho)
"A disciplina é a ditadura do hábito que fabrica corpos adestrados e mentes dóceis; seres submissos”
The race isn't always to the swift, nor the fight to the strong, but that's the way to bet.
A possibilidade de realizarmos um sonho é o que torna a vida interessante (Paulo Coelho)
You can take the boy out of the country, but you can't take the country out of the boy.
Aos 20 anos, a vontade é soberana; aos 30, o espírito; aos 40, a razão (Ben Franklin)
A man with one clock knows what time it is. A man with two clocks is never sure.
Give a man a fish and he eats for one night. Teach him how and he eats for life.
There are old soldiers, and bold soldiers, but there are no old, bold soldiers.
A preguiça anda tão devagar, que a pobreza facilmente a alcança (Ben Franklin)
If the mountain won't come to Mohammed, then Mohammed will go to the mountain.
Se queres saber o valor do dinheiro, tenta pedi-lo emprestado (Ben Franklin)
Ama os teus inimigos, porque eles falam-te dos teus defeitos (Ben Franklin)
Nada é mais certo neste mundo do que a morte e os impostos (Ben Franklin)
Toma conselhos com o vinho, mas toma decisões com a água (Ben Franklin)
Cast your bread upon the water, and it will be returned a hundred-fold.
Imagine uma nova história para sua vida e acredite nela (Paulo Coelho)
Paz e harmonia: eis a verdadeira riqueza de uma família (Ben Franklin)
Escreve as ofensas na areia e os benefícios no mármore (Ben Franklin)
Build a better mousetrap and the world will beat a path to your door.
Everybody talks about the weather, but nobody does anything about it.
If you do what you've always done you'll get what you've always got.
In the spring a young man's fancy lightly turns to thoughts of love.
Early to bed, early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise.
Quando há casamento sem amor, há amor sem casamento (Ben Franklin)
When your only tool is a hammer, every problem looks like a nail.
All we learn from history is that we learn nothing from history.
Better to have loved and lost, than never to have loved at all.
East is East, and West is West, and never the twain shall meet.
Laugh, and the world laughs with you; weep, and you weep alone.
Genius is one percent inspiration and 99 percent perspiration.
Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it.
Onde mora a liberdade, ali está a minha pátria (Ben Franklin)
Trabalha com gosto e terás o gosto do trabalho (Ben Franklin)
O maior de todos os pecados: o arrependimento (Paulo Coelho)
Before you judge a man, you should walk a mile in his shoes.
It's not whether you win or lose, but how you play the game.
You need to take a bull by the horns, and a man by his word.
Quem se apaixona por si mesmo não tem rivais (Ben Franklin)
The turtle only makes progress when it sticks its neck out.
You can lead a horse to water, but you can't make it drink.
Be careful you don't go from the frying pan into the fire.
Quantas coisas perdemos por medo de perder (Paulo Coelho)
He who fights and runs away, lives to fight another day.
A foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds.
People who live in glass houses shouldn't throw stones.
In the country of the blind, the one-eyed man is king.
It's not the knowing that is difficult, but the doing.
The longest journey begins with but a single footstep.
There is nothing good or bad but thinking makes it so.
You can catch more flies with honey than with vinegar.
Better to light a candle than to curse the darkness.
Don't close the barn door after the horse runs away.
If you can't stand the heat, get out of the kitchen.
The more things change, the more they stay the same.
A place for everything and everything in its place.
Ask a silly question and you’ll get a silly answer.
Ask a silly question and you'll get a silly answer.
Better the devil you know than the devil you don't.
Ignoriance of the law is no excuse for breaking it.
Never put off until tomorrow what you can do today.
Power corrupts; absolute power corrupts absolutely.
Do unto others as you would have them do unto you.
Don't fire until you see the whites of their eyes.
If you lie down with dogs, you wake up with fleas.
The best-laid plans of mice and men often go awry.
Be it ever so humble, there's no place like home.
From the sublime to the ridiculous is but a step.
He who lives by the sword shall die by the sword.
What's good for the goose is good for the gander.
An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure.
Lightning never strikes twice in the same place.
The way to a man's heart is through his stomach.
Don't kill the goose that lays the golden eggs.
Doubt is the beginning, not the end, of wisdom.
If wishes were fishes then no man would starve.
If wishes were horses, then beggars would ride.
Let he who is without sin cast the first stone.
The hotter the battle, the sweeter the victory.
The road to Hell is paved with good intentions.
There's many a slip 'twixt the cup and the lip.
When the going gets tough, the tough get going.
You can't make a silk purse out of a sow's ear.
You can't make an omelet without breaking eggs.
A fadiga é o melhor travesseiro (Ben Franklin)
A chain is only as strong as its weakest link.
A rose by any other name would smell as sweet.
If at first you don't succeed, try, try again.
Music hath charms to soothe the savage breast.
The grass is always greener on the other side.
The teacher appears when the student is ready.
You can kill a man but you can't kill an idea.
You can't get the toothpaste back in the tube.
You pays your money and you takes your choice.
Ausências causam esquecimentos (Paulo Coelho)
Don't throw out the baby with the bath water.
Eat, drink and be merry, for tomorrow we die.
Forgive them, for they know not what they do.
It's the empty can that makes the most noise.
Only the wearer knows where the shoe pinches.
The course of true love never did run smooth.
The devil can cite Scripture for his purpose.
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
Don't count your chickens before they hatch.
Give him enough rope and he'll hang himself.
Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery.
It's the squeaky wheel that gets the grease.
When all you have are lemons, make lemonade.
All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.
Don't cut off your nose to spite your face.
The bigger they come, the harder they fall.
You can't fit a round peg in a square hole.
You have to take the bitter with the sweet.
A nod is as good as a wink to a blind man.
Anything that can go wrong, will go wrong.
Know which side your bread is buttered on.
Let's cross the bridge when we come to it.
The love of money is the root of all evil.
The proof of the pudding is in the eating.
There ain't no such thing as a free lunch.
Winners never quit and quitters never win.
Even a broken clock is right twice a day.
Fools rush in where angels fear to tread.
Hope springs eternal in the human breast.
The apple doesn't fall far from the tree.
The bad workman always blames his tools.
There's more than one way to skin a cat.
Uneasy lies the head that wears a crown.
When the cat's away, the mice will play.
You can't have your cake and eat it too.
A jack of all trades is master of none.
A little learning is a dangerous thing.
A man is known by the company he keeps.
Behind every successful man is a woman.
Discretion is the better part of valor.
For want of a nail, a kingdom was lost.
Give him an inch and he'll take a mile.
Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned.
It's not over until the fat lady sings.
Live every day as if it were your last.
Nothing is certain but death and taxes.
One man's meat is another man's poison.
There's no defense like a good offense.
You have to take the good with the bad.
A job worth doing is worth doing well.
Children should be seen and not heard.
Don't bite off more than you can chew.
Don't make mountains out of molehills.
Don't put all your eggs in one basket.
One picture is worth a thousand words.
There are two sides to every question.
There's no such thing as a free lunch.
There, but for the grace of God, go I.
We're too soon old and too late smart.
You can't squeeze blood from a turnip.
You can't teach an old dog new tricks.
A fool and his money are soon parted.
A good beginning makes a good ending.
An apple a day keeps the doctor away.
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.
Candy is dandy but liquor is quicker.
Don't hide your light under a bushel.
Don't look a gift horse in the mouth.
He that is not with me is against me.
He who pays the piper calls the tune.
It's not the heat, it's the humidity.
Necessity is the mother of invention.
One man's loss is another man's gain.
Possession is nine-tenths of the law.
Procrastination is the thief of time.
The eyes are the windows to the soul.
The quality of mercy is not strained.
A friend in need is a friend indeed.
Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
Be not penny wise and pound foolish.
Don't put the cart before the horse.
God helps those who help themselves.
Idle hands are the devil's workshop.
If it's not one thing, it's another.
It's an ill wind that blows no good.
The leopard cannot change its spots.
There are plenty of fish in the sea.
There's a first time for everything.
There's something rotten in Denmark.
Things aren't always what they seem.
What can't be cured must be endured.
Where there's a will, there's a way.
You don't get something for nothing.
You need to stop to smell the roses.
A thing of beauty is a joy forever.
Don't bite the hand that feeds you.
Don't burn the candle at both ends.
Don't burn your bridges behind you.
Great oaks from little acorns grow.
Many are called but few are chosen.
One rotten apple spoils the barrel.
The child is the father of the man.
To err is human, to forgive divine.
You can't tell a book by its cover.
Ask no questions and hear no lies.
Birds of a feather flock together.
Give me liberty, or give me death.
Good gifts come in small packages.
If you can't beat them, join them.
It takes a thief to catch a thief.
Marry in haste, repent at leisure.
Never give a sucker an even break.
Politics makes strange bedfellows.
Revenge is a dish best eaten cold.
Spare the rod and spoil the child.
There's nothing new under the sun.
When in Rome, do as the Romans do.
Where there's smoke, there's fire.
Who pays the piper calls the tune.
A soft answer turneth away wrath.
A word to the wise is sufficient.
Chickens will come home to roost.
Cleanliness is next to godliness.
Don't change horses in midstream.
It's no use beating a dead horse.
Keep your nose to the grindstone.
Nothing ventured, nothing gained.
Stone walls do not a prison make.
The best things in life are free.
The meek shall inherit the earth.
There's no disputing about taste.
There's no fool like an old fool.
While there's life, there's hope.
You made your bed, now lie in it.
A penny saved is a penny earned.
A rolling stone gathers no moss.
Actions speak louder than words.
All things come to he who waits.
April showers bring May flowers.
Don't judge a book by its cover.
Don't throw pearls before swine.
Every cloud has a silver lining.
Finders keepers, losers weepers.
Gather ye rosebuds while ye may.
Good fences make good neighbors.
Half a loaf is better than none.
He who laughs last, laughs best.
If it's not broke, don't fix it.
Never judge a book by its cover.
That's the way the ball bounces.
There's no accounting for taste.
A woman’s place is in the home.
An army marches on its stomach.
A woman's place is in the home.
Beware of Greeks bearing gifts.
Eat to live, don't live to eat.
Experience is the best teacher.
In for a penny, in for a pound.
It'll all come out in the wash.
Little strokes fell great oaks.
Love makes the world go 'round.
Man cannot live by bread alone.
One good turn deserves another.
Opportunity never knocks twice.
Take the bitter with the sweet.
The burnt child shuns the fire.
The pen is mightier than sword.
The wish is father of the deed.
There's no rest for the wicked.
Too many cooks spoil the broth.
Truth is stranger than fiction.
Two's company, three's a crowd.
What goes around, comes around.
A rising tide lifts all boats.
All that glitters is not gold.
As you sow, so shall you reap.
Common sense is not so common.
Cream always rises to the top.
Don't take any wooden nickels.
Flattery will get you nowhere.
It's time to fish or cut bait.
Laughter is the best medicine.
Little pitchers have big ears.
Make hay while the sun shines.
Nothing succeeds like success.
Slow but steady wins the race.
There's method in his madness.
Time and tide wait for no man.
Two heads are better than one.
Two wrongs don't make a right.
You're never too old to learn.
"A cada escolha uma renúncia”
A dog is a man’s best friend.
A woman’s work is never done.
Appearances can be deceiving.
A dog is a man's best friend.
A woman's work is never done.
Carpe diem ... seize the day.
Handsome is as handsome does.
It's not over till it's over.
No good deed goes unrewarded.
No man can serve two masters.
Strike while the iron is hot.
The early bird gets the worm.
Variety is the spice of life.
What goes up, must come down.
A bad penny always turns up.
A miss is as good as a mile.
A stitch in time saves nine.
All for one and one for all.
Blood is thicker than water.
Don't speak ill of the dead.
Familiarity breeds contempt.
Feed a cold, starve a fever.
It never rains but it pours.
It's never too late to mend.
Let nature takes its course.
The end justifies the means.
You can't unscramble an egg.
A man’s home is his castle.
All’s fair in love and war.
A man's home is his castle.
All's fair in love and war.
Brevity is the soul of wit.
East or West, home is best.
Frailty, thy name is woman!
Hitch your wagon to a star.
Home is where the heart is.
Honesty is the best policy.
It's every man for himself.
Keep your head above water.
Life is short, art is long.
Make a virtue of necessity.
Man proposes, God disposes.
Many hands make light work.
Rats desert a sinking ship.
Rome wasn't built in a day.
Take the bull by the horns.
There's no place like home.
You can't take it with you.
A barking dog never bites.
A watched pot never boils.
All’s well that ends well.
All's well that ends well.
Ask and it shall be given.
Ask and you shall receive.
Beggars can't be choosers.
Don't cry over spilt milk.
Don't shoot the messenger.
Faith will move mountains.
Here today, gone tomorrow.
If the shoe fits, wear it.
Keep your fingers crossed.
Out of sight, out of mind.
Pride goeth before a fall.
Water seeks its own level.
You can't fight city hall.
A new broom sweeps clean.
Barking dogs seldom bite.
Beauty is only skin deep.
Business before pleasure.
Do as I say, not as I do.
Don't foul your own nest.
Don't spit into the wind.
First come, first served.
He who hesitates is lost.
Hunger is the best sauce.
Practice what you preach.
The sea refuses no river.
You get what you pay for.
All the world’s a stage.
All the world's a stage.
Forewarned is forearmed.
Great minds think alike.
I think, therefore I am.
If you snooze, you lose.
Leave no stone unturned.
Leave well enough alone.
Oil and water don't mix.
Well begun is half done.
When it rains, it pours.
You can't go home again.
You can't unring a bell.
Better late than never.
Better safe than sorry.
Cold hands, warm heart.
Don't give up the ship.
Give the devil his due.
History repeats itself.
Keep a stiff upper lip.
Let bygones be bygones.
Money isn't everything.
Nature abhors a vacuum.
Once bitten, twice shy.
Practice makes perfect.
Seek and ye shall find.
Time is of the essence.
Turnabout is fair play.
Bad news travels fast.
Easier said than done.
Every dog has his day.
Every man has a price.
Expect the unexpected.
It takes two to tango.
Keep your eyes peeled.
Let sleeping dogs lie.
Mind your P's and Q's.
Share and share alike.
Still waters run deep.
Time heals all wounds.
What will be, will be.
Always cut the cards.
Keep your powder dry.
Look before you leap.
Misery loves company.
No news is good news.
The more the merrier.
Turn the other cheek.
Any port in a storm.
No man is an island.
Old habits die hard.
Seeing is believing.
The show must go on.
The walls have ears.
This too shall pass.
Waste not, want not.
Crime does not pay.
Easy come, easy go.
Forgive and forget.
Ignorance is bliss.
Knowledge is power.
The truth will out.
Boys will be boys.
Haste makes waste.
Live and let live.
Love conquers all.
Make haste slowly.
Might makes right.
Opposites attract.
Silence is golden.
Grin and bear it.
No pain, no gain.
Revenge is sweet.
Murder will out.
Live and learn.
Love is blind.
Never say die.
Time is money.
Know thyself.
Sink or swim.
That's life.